README.md, before:

# DJI Mobile SDK for Android

## What Is This?

The DJI Mobile SDK enables you to automate your DJI Product. You can control flight, and many subsystems of the product including the camera and gimbal. Using the Mobile SDK, create a customized mobile app to unlock the full potential of your DJI aerial platform.

## Different CPU Architectures Support

For developers who want to support mobile devices with different CPU architectures accurately, please refer to the **SO Support Libraries** folder.

## Running the SDK Sample Code

Developers can [run the sample application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/quick-start/index.html) to immediately run code and see how the DJI Mobile SDK can be used.

One of DJI's aircraft or handheld cameras will be required to run the sample application.

## Development Workflow 

From registering as a developer, to deploying an application, the following will take you through the full Mobile SDK Application development process:

- [Prerequisites](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-prerequisits.html)
- [Register as DJI Developer & Download SDK](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-register.html)
- [Integrate SDK into Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-integrate.html)
- [Run Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-run.html)
- [Testing, Profiling & Debugging](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-testing.html)
- [Deploy](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-deploy.html)

## Sample Projects & Tutorials

Several Android tutorials are provided as examples on how to use different features of the Mobile SDK and debug tools includes:

- [Running DJI SDK Sample Code in Android Studio](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/index.html)
- [Camera Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/FPVDemo.html)
- [MapView and Waypoint Application (GaodeMap)](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/GSDemo-Gaode-Map.html)
- [MapView and Waypoint Application (GoogleMap)](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/GSDemo-Google-Map.html)
- [TapFly and ActiveTrack Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/P4MissionsDemo.html)

## Learn More about DJI Products and the Mobile SDK

Please visit [DJI Mobile SDK Documentation](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/introduction/index.html) for more details.

## SDK API Reference

[**Android SDK API Documentation**](https://developer.dji.com/iframe/mobile-sdk-doc/android/reference/packages.html)

## Support

You can get support from DJI with the following methods:

- [**DJI Forum**](http://forum.dev.dji.com/en)
- Post questions in [**Stackoverflow**](http://stackoverflow.com) using [**dji-sdk**](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/dji-sdk) tag
- dev@dji.com

Commit message:

Update with Package Name Replace Script

README.md, after:

# DJI Mobile SDK for Android

## What Is This?

The DJI Mobile SDK enables you to automate your DJI Product. You can control flight, and many subsystems of the product including the camera and gimbal. Using the Mobile SDK, create a customized mobile app to unlock the full potential of your DJI aerial platform.

## Different CPU Architectures Support

For developers who want to support mobile devices with different CPU architectures accurately, please refer to the **SO Support Libraries** folder.

## Package Name Replace Script

Since Android SDK 3.3 has changed or deprecated some package names or class names, we provide an executable JAR file, which contains scripts for you to replace with latest names automatically. Please refer to [this link](./Executable JAR/README.md) for more details.

## Running the SDK Sample Code

Developers can [run the sample application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/quick-start/index.html) to immediately run code and see how the DJI Mobile SDK can be used.

One of DJI's aircraft or handheld cameras will be required to run the sample application.

## Development Workflow 

From registering as a developer, to deploying an application, the following will take you through the full Mobile SDK Application development process:

- [Prerequisites](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-prerequisits.html)
- [Register as DJI Developer & Download SDK](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-register.html)
- [Integrate SDK into Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-integrate.html)
- [Run Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-run.html)
- [Testing, Profiling & Debugging](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-testing.html)
- [Deploy](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/application-development-workflow/workflow-deploy.html)

## Sample Projects & Tutorials

Several Android tutorials are provided as examples on how to use different features of the Mobile SDK and debug tools includes:

- [Running DJI SDK Sample Code in Android Studio](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/index.html)
- [Camera Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/FPVDemo.html)
- [MapView and Waypoint Application (GaodeMap)](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/GSDemo-Gaode-Map.html)
- [MapView and Waypoint Application (GoogleMap)](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/GSDemo-Google-Map.html)
- [TapFly and ActiveTrack Application](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/android-tutorials/P4MissionsDemo.html)

## Learn More about DJI Products and the Mobile SDK

Please visit [DJI Mobile SDK Documentation](https://developer.dji.com/mobile-sdk/documentation/introduction/index.html) for more details.

## SDK API Reference

[**Android SDK API Documentation**](https://developer.dji.com/iframe/mobile-sdk-doc/android/reference/packages.html)

## Support

You can get support from DJI with the following methods:

- [**DJI Forum**](http://forum.dev.dji.com/en)
- Post questions in [**Stackoverflow**](http://stackoverflow.com) using [**dji-sdk**](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/dji-sdk) tag
- dev@dji.com
